kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 1a > ~/var1a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 1b > ~/var1b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 1c > ~/var1c
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 1d > ~/var1d
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 1e > ~/var1e

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 2a > ~/var2a

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 3a > ~/var3a

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 4a > ~/var4a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 4b > ~/var4b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 4c > ~/var4c
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 4d > ~/var4d

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 5a > ~/var5a

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 6a > ~/var6a

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7a > ~/var7a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7b > ~/var7b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7c > ~/va7c
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7d > ~/var7d
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7e > ~/var7e
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 7f > ~/var7f

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 8a > ~/var8a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 8b > ~/var8b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 8c > ~/var8c

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 9a > ~/var9a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 9b > ~/var9b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 9c > ~/var9c
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 9d > ~/var9d
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 9e > ~/var9e

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10a > ~/var10a
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10b > ~/var10b
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10c > ~/var10c
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10d > ~/var10d
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10e > ~/var10e
kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 10f > ~/var10f

kontrola-snort.exe /usr/local/share/data-snort-unix.dat -varianty 2a,2b,2c > ~/var2a2b2c





